boom it's here folks a real time AI
voice changer this is Voca Flex from
dream tonics let's check it out real
quick here let you hear how it sounds
then I'll show you how to use it all
right so we're going to use this sample
here it's been hard to breathe right so
a male vocal and then we can sweep
between other audio files or you know
created voices and change that in real
time so here we go let's turn this on
start on a sample that's pretty close to
his original voice it's been hard to
breathe with the weight of the world on
my chest at times it seems the just hard
times in Dark Nights in Sleepless
T maybe one night
one Isn't that cool how you can do that
in real time so being that this is real
you could actually use this for live
uses now right now I don't have the real
time button turned on so there's a
little more latency uh if I turn it on
right now because I have so much stuff
running on my computer I'll get a few
glitches
here right so that's why I don't have it
on but you can you know change your
overall quality here to highest quality
lower quality whatever you want uh again
real time if you want to use this uh
live now for this vocal sample here on
the females if it's not uh if it doesn't
sound exactly right to you so let's hear
that again
that's because the tamber of the female
vocal here is obviously much higher than
uh the male vocal so we can use our
tuner here just open that up and you'll
see right there a little tuning so
let's so you see that
we're mine is three or so off so let's
pull this up around three or four and
then we should have a pretty good female
vocal
on my
[Music]
chest in Dark Nights in
Sleepless maybe night one
fight and then for this sample here
which this sample is my sample it's a
little bit lower than the actual vocal
time so in that case I'm going want to
take it down a bit to more match my
voice so check this out here
the world on my
chest times it
seems the I ever just hard
EP
night all right so again if you import
like a female vocal sample or something
it's not quite matching up you can
always just use your tuner here to get
that exactly where you want it all right
so now we'll go over how to use this all
right so I'll grab vocal flex and just
throw it on our sample here and this is
what you're going to start out with
nothing so then we can import vocal
samples of any you know any sort of
singer that you want to sound like and
switch between you know different kinds
of voices so me come over here to my
files and let me find some vocal samples
Lovers Left lying in the dark all right
that will work so we'll just grabb this
audio file throw it right in of course
you can throw it from your Explorer or
your finder on
Mac this is vocco Flex from dream tonics
what this
is throw it in it will Analyze That
audio and then you can see it's
represented right here now each of these
dots represents a little tiny portion of
the tamber of that audio file okay we
can use this here to you know sweep
between which ones that we want to focus
around or all of them you know you can
also make this larger or smaller that
really comes into play once you have
more samples in here but right now we
just play
that there we
go the input's a little different so I'd
probably pull this up
[Music]
again the
original but where this gets really cool
is whenever you start to import multiple
samples so let's go for uh something
here now your your samples your vocal
samples only really need to be around 10
seconds or so 10 to 20 seconds that's
all you really need of course that
should be clean No Effects right so let
me pull in let me let you hear this one
here
first you are all I want all right so
different female vocal throw that in
there just going to analyze it real
quick all right and there we are now we
have it over
here and then we can even blend them
together
times night okay of course keep going on
find more vocals or a male
vocal haven't slept in weeks we be
sipping on Coronas through the night at
the okay let's just throw that in here
and there it
[Music]
is all right so that's how you can
import your own vocal samples but you
can also create voices so click this
button right here it's going to generate
a voice based on masculine to feminine
and then the overall tone up top I have
not
ch whatever you
like
like choose apply and there that one is
right there you can keep doing this so
we can hit random give us a different
shade different color
and it's
been Brea that's a
cool
world of course sweep between
[Music]
them you can use your mouse to make that
Circle larger or smaller you're getting
more connections or fewer as you can see
there okay ti times TI
nights so that's pretty cool that we
have ai voice changing voice morphing
right here in our Daw now this is based
on AI but it's not connected to the
cloud okay so for some people who don't
want to be you know some AI voice
changers you have to upload and then
download this is all done on uh on your
computer all right so over here you have
your input volume pretty simple to
figure out you know right here you can
click that and you can import samples
there but it's just easier to drag them
in uh we already went over your highest
quality or your uh other quality options
your real time and then your settings
over here different languages and you
also have midi control of this so if you
don't want to be using your mouse to
click or to drag you can actually set up
a midi keyboard to change things for you
so you can just come in here and you
could say uh let me set a waypoint first
so give yourself a new
Waypoint add a plus add a plus you know
wherever uh wherever you want there you
can
add different way points there you can
control this with here's a computer
keyboard so assign a shortcut key or we
can do a midi keyboard you can just hop
around to your different waypoints all
right that's pretty cool especially if
you're going to use this uh use this in
real time all right and also whenever
you you know set up a bunch of different
voices that you like you can always save
that as a preset up there all right so
that is the operation of it let's go
back to what we had previously let me
just get rid of that one come back to
this vocal flex and I also have the new
bxa
on uh on this
here it's been hard to breathe
with okay so why might you use this well
other than just changing the overall
sound of a voice changing genders of a
voice um creating demos you know if you
if you have a male voice but you've
created a song for a female singer you
can always use this to change the
overall gender send her a demo then she
could sort of get an idea of what you
want it to sound like you can you also
use it to of course create things like
harmonies and stuff like that so we'll
do a
Harmony uh real quicker let me bypass
this okay turn this
[Music]
on maybe I want it to be higher here
let's just see what that sounds
like actually think it's fine
on
zero way okay that one sounds pretty
good overall so I'll leave that setting
there I'll just grab my stuff here I'm
going to bounce that to a new track it's
going to run that audio through the
effect and give us a whole new track
that is already
affected so this track here doesn't have
any you know there's no on this track
[Music]
here awesome then we'll bring in the
original let me just grab these and
unmute all of
those there we go then me come in here
make sure I turn that one off so we have
our original and then the affected here
just SOL those
two pretty cool
right of course if I wanted to add
uh maybe a male vocal to
[Music]
that I think I'll use my vocal so I just
recorded a little clip of me talking
then I just threw that right in here so
let's use that
[Music]
one it's good enough for our purposes
right again depends on uh how uh how
this works in your Daw all right then
I'll grab these and unmute those
events that's just because you know
Studio One automatically mutes that
stuff for you so now on just that
track right here is the male
vocal right bypass that on the original
of
course
feel out of there we go EMP eyes look
upon my face then I could add delays
reverbs any other effects that I want so
just that quick if I wasn't talking
through it you could create a vocal
Harmony in
about 35 seconds or so it really doesn't
take that long at
all all right so that is vocco flex
folks of course you like I said you can
get as crazy as uh as you want with this
so if you really want to you know make
some chip tune or make some uh High
voices or very low voices you can do
that too let's try that let's pull this
way down here just for fun here been
hard to breathe with the weight of the
world my
chest
T the all I ever get are just hard times
in Dark Nights in Sleepless TS
inet maybe one night
or the other
way the of
not if you want to do some if you want
to do some vocal
effects so that sounds silly but there's
actually music out there that uses
really high pitched and really low
pitched voices so you could actually use
this for that very simply
[Music]
here I think it sounds silly but it's
actually a very popular style of music
why I don't know why but it uh it
actually is again you can get super
creative with this here let me show you
something else I did I just just playing
around with this just trying it out and
I thought you know what what if I import
the sound of drums and and pianos and
things like that and apply that to a
voice again not really what this is
meant for but uh you know you can get us
creative as you want so here we have
just let me byass it here
[Music]
follow all right so it's a vocal me pop
it on here and again I just threw in
some uh vocal sample here threw in some
drums some percussion some synth in here
let's hear
that believe
[Music]
this actually think it sounds pretty
cool over here on this
[Music]
lead so I could just grab some uh me
find some weird sample here all right
here's a
base again not what this is meant for
let's just throw that in there and just
I don't know let's see what happens I
guess it's over here
[Music]
now start pitching
things I believe how much F about this
this follow me
[Music]
with all right so get get as creative as
you want with vocco flex really cool new
AI voice changing plugin here let's he
this one more time then I'll show you uh
where to get it all right let's he this
again with the the world on my chest at
times it
seems that all I ever get it just
hard dark
[Music]
nightless fight all this time I've
been
not I me just seamlessly real time
switch between morph between voices is
right here that's pretty cool
man oh by the way you can also change
the name of the things that you import
so I could uh click on this one here I
can edit it and I could change the name
uh I can also get rid of samples by
clicking that trash right there but
that's pretty
self-explanatory it's been hard to
breathe it's dark night and Sleepless TS
turn it maybe forn night
all right of course you can make your
Harmony from that if you want all right
we know what to do now unmute that
stuff pop that off because we have the
affected down here without any effects
on
[Music]
it all I ever just hard times dark
nights and Sleepless tosing and turn it
maybe one night I
sounds pretty cool real quick build up
that Harmony again if I want to add a
really high one here we can pitch It Up
by 12 to breathe with the weight of the
world on my
chest times it seems that's
[Music]
cool all right I like that there I know
it sounds kind of weird on its own but
once you combine it with everything else
can start sounding pretty cool turn that
down bring all three of them in and we
got it's been hard to breathe with the
weight of the world on my chest
at it seems all right so that you get
the idea that's pretty cool though uh
how you can do all of this in real time
just by dragging in any sort of sample
any sort of sound you know you want
sound like a certain singer drag in a
sample and make yourself sound like uh
you know whoever
maybe I like that drag it right in no
problem let it analyze awesome let's pop
this down maybe run there let's try
[Music]
that
go again blend it with other voices like
this larger here
just times
[Music]
Dark Again create or regenerate your own
voices
[Music]
too the art of not
so you can create voices that have never
been heard
before seems the O ever just hard times
in dark nights and Sleepless
T maybe
night fight this time
[Music]
I just so cool man
the again seamless once again if you're
using it in real time you might want to
take the time to set up your different
midi shortcuts or even keyboard
shortcuts to quickly switch between
things all right so that's it folks the
future is here AI voice transformation
of any voice that you want just pull it
in copy it uh of course only use things
that you have the rights uh to use but
you know you can copy any sort of vocal
sound that you want and uh even like I
said blend between them creep voices
that have never been heard before very
easily here with vocco flex from dream
tonic so if you want to pick this up for
yourself head right over here brand new
vocal Flex just came out uh just a
couple days ago vocal Flex has a video
there that you can watch Real
Time voice creation and transformation
plugin I should also mention this can
also be a
standalone um a stand alone app move
this stuff out of the way so you can run
the Standalone too which is again more
useful if uh if you're using it for for
live uses all right but head over here
you can pick it up for yourself as you
can see you know import voice sample
record your voice generate a new tracks
trans form all kinds of stuff that you
can do with this pretty cool new AI
plugin again not connected to the cloud
but uh directly on your computer okay
now they also have synthesizer V so I
don't want to go into this in this video
because it'll make it eight hours long
but this is a really awesome product to
where you can uh create voices and I
don't like I said I don't want to go
into it here we'll probably go into it
in a in a different video but you can
also use vocal Flex with this here as
well by generating uh vocals by
generating lyrics again it's it's quite
amazing you should watch some of the
videos on that again I should have a
video on this here pretty soon as well
but you can use these two together
I want to go to the
moon go to the moon so if you want to
get both of these you can head over here
to the shop and uh get yourself a bundle
of uh dream tonic's vocal creation
bundle here get both of those
synthesizer V with vocal Flex at 10% off
if you want both of those or just get to
just get vocal Flex
if you want okay so if you want to pick
this up for yourself again we'll have
links in the description below but as I
said up top folks the future is here we
have ai voice generation we have ai
voice swapping and changing and
transforming directly on your computer
now in real time right in your Daw
thanks to vocal Flex from dream tonics
again Link in the description below go
check it out it's been hard to breathe
with the way to the World on my
chest
[Music]
times the all GA just hard times and
dark nights and Sleepless times turn
maybe one night one